hey guys want to let's play up oh that's
a super nothing when I got you to Mario
pick up as usual so let's go ahead and
end up to the final level of this
statement world to be honest I really
don't understand the whole world galaxy
relationship because I mean wouldn't
this technically be a world and this
whole thing legality a rather just
system I don't it really makes no sense
to be quite honest
dude gobble gots aching belly oh god I
hate this looks not so much to say
rather the boss if you ask me let's get
clearly see the college metal in plain
view
more obvious sometimes i like the music
in there i will see that one thing mark
I exhale when I got to do you're stuck
the whole soundtrack down to it yes I
mean the soundtrack is amazing I mean
and it's all I just like Miranda work so
I mean literally they have done by quite
a few things sick is getting pretty damn
epic was so here and we use our first
struggles actually to pay anyone who
stopped earlier with fun the whole idea
of dry bones pretty much they don't come
back every day with some back jesus oh
God but I do that was an epic save that
I said look down
an awesome friggin me jump right there
and let's get out here
and lovely fuck I Bowser jr. here little
ball capsule thingy hahaha made thus far
huh now I need my dad's help to finish
you off I got a big surprise you oh girl
who got dinner's on don't forget to
protect your belly ache bulges god I
swept what the fuck is a bellyache bulge
so stupid o Donis loss yeah this boss
we're screwed you're screwed beyond
belief Jancis boss give me a bit of
trouble when I first played as well the
sounds of glitching to this force can be
a bit of trouble pretty much what you
want to do is wait for it to not the
ground like that and then shake off its
little
Billy bulges excess a and once he starts
getting mad that's pretty much it can
you imagine the issue really the only
issue we're gonna have is getting the
free I'm bulges or his back rather is
you have to wait for to get up come back
here
it I see that's the biggest usually he
ends up hitting here according to get
one of them usually enough physical one
really sucks everything she just gotta
dodge around wait till that goddamn old
shows up
hit it and we're good now I answer this
is one of the most epic deaths ever
three two one goodbye and hello grants
are and doctor do you know what that was
was already but a little treasures from
here hey let's get this shit
you got a grand star that makes a first
branch start game
in the first game you got a grand star
the first fucking stage 2 person while
yesterday I'm sorry but oh well so this
is a power per ship a bit more like hook
our star just imploded portal the next
world open up so pretty much of the
grant stares at least portals sending
you the world that shit pretty much the
same to deal with marg accent1 they just
open up septoria sort of well look at
that you did it he brought back man star
that's great now he used to power to
grant started shelves another world mmm
lovely where what's the project
composers your special why can take ever
calling peach Jesus whose face and time
that space and time to the unknown world
we go I'm jiggling I'm giggling just
think about it ready captain for the
other day jiggling I'm jiggling SP think
about it
and the full speed ahead bitches
spout rainbow steam keys Christ our ship
runs on rainbow power I'm standing the
most proudest form of power or straight
us ice till sunset the background even
though Goodson's clearly there well look
at that we found a darling new world but
I got you should be plenty of power
stars here go ahead we're all counting
on Captain unfortunately I'm not having
on you guys settled up to me here we got
buzzed the plaint galaxy a nice little
since in my prepare I'm we're all going
to end it right here though
unfortunately because I really have much
time so why I guess I'll just go ahead
and save and see you guys next time
we're something they just look the
awesome sense in the background look at
that sunset
they did you are not making any awesome
at sunset you are making anything Morris
I'm gonna shoot me I'm gonna fucking
shoot you Thanks thank you for eating
mice targets ok fuck you what oh my god
fuck you whatever um border fun ok yep
just see you guys next time I say show
up the world face I should pull up I
will leave you with the look of my face
seriously